Hope you guys enjoyed that opening video
there. Little clip from one of my
favorite movies. Curious who actually
knows what movie that clip is from. I'll
give you a hint. I am a big Quentin
Tarantino fan. Great movie.
He does some very interesting movies.
But I thought I'd do a little something
special here because in this section,
with our pet clinic application, we are
going to get into setting up the JPA
mapping. Now we have a bit of work to do
for the mappings. In this video, we
are going to tackle setting up any base
entity. So if I come in here, I just want
to show you that the reference
application. So we're going to come here
main package. Under their model, we
have our base entity. What we want to
do is implement this. And MapperSuperclass
is a special annotation to JPA saying
we're going to take this. This is going
to be a base class for objects to derive
from it. This is a pretty
typical setup here. You do go in and add
in basically the id value. A lot of
people also add in common things like
createDate and updateDate. Maybe we'll
do that in a future video. But for right
now in this video, what we want to do
is take care of this map superclass and
the ID generation. So let's toggle over
to IntelliJ now.
Let's take a look at our model.
Actually, I don't need you anymore.
So let this stop. Let's minimize that window
down on the bottom of the Spring Boot.
You're going to have a
videos here where we will start the
mapping and I imagine it's probably
going to break things.
We can come in here and say
MapperSuperclass. This established this
as a base class to JPA. What we are
doing is saying, "Hey JPA, we're going to
inherit from this class or other classes
are going to be inheriting it." We don't
need this specific class mapped to the
database". We're doing inheritance but
don't worry about doing anything special
for it as far as creating just a class
that has an id value because obviously
that's not what we want here. Now the
next thing that we need to do is come in
and take care of this id property.
Let's come in here and do that.
This annotation tells JPA that this
is the ID value.
Add GeneratedValue
and we were going to say strategy Generation
Type IDENTITY.
Now this generation type that we're
looking at, let's take a closer look at
that. I'm going to just come in here and
I'm going to hold down command and click
on that. This is going to go out to
the JPA class so this belongs to you can
see Hibernate JPA. This is the API so
this is the the javax.persistence so
this right out of the JPA specification. So it's a public enum.
The GenerationType is going to be
TABLE, SEQUENCE, IDENTITY or AUTO. A
TABLE means that we're going to have a
database table with the sequence number
on that, so we'll have a value on a
database table that we're going to use to
determine the maximum value and then the
next value. A SEQUENCE, databases have
what's called a sequence generator, where
you can say give me the next number in a
sequence. The functionality there and
this is depends on the underlying
database. Now IDENTITY, which is what
we've selected is saying that we're
going to insert it in the database is going
to provide us the identity value. We
are targeting MySQL in this example, so
we are planning on using or I am
planning I shouldn't say we. I am
planning on using an auto-generated
column. The very common thing to do
inside of MySQL so that is what we're
going for.
AUTO is basically saying that we're
gonna pick one and we're going to allow
Hibernate to look at the underlying
database and determine a strategy to use.
AUTO can give you some problems as far
as unpredictable results. IDENTITY does
tie you to the specific database.
SEQUENCE is a good choice. But again, the
database provider that you're using
needs to implement that. So a number of
different things that we can do here. The
identity generation, I could do several
lectures on it so I don't want to run
down that rabbit hole right now. But for
right now, for what we're using, I want
you to remember that we are targeting
MySQL for the database and we are going
to be using an auto increment field, so
when we insert a record, MySQL is going
to manage providing next number in the
sequence for us.
This is going to be utilizing the
functionality of the underlying database.
We're probably going to use H2 as well
as a in-memory database that will allow
us to use H2 or MySQL. And H2 is very
commonly used for testing Spring
applications. We're also going to... that
also provides us an auto increment so
there's a high degree of compatibility
between H2 and the database syntax and
how it is used with MySQL. So this
sets up our MapperSuperclass. So now, we
set up everything. This generates that
right now. If we run Spring Boot, I expect
to a toss an exception. We do need to
complete the mapping for the other
classes in our model. In the JPA, we have a
number of annotations to do. We will
accomplish that in upcoming videos.
I'm going to go out and close
out this task.
So that was implement base entity. That was
number 35.
Let's come in here and close out that.
Just double-check. That was number 35 and
do a commit and
push on that. That will close out the
issue.